add info regarding the job (#629)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/first-steps/manage-your-rules.md

The rules support [product models](what-about-products-variants.html#what-is-a-product-model), so rules can be defined also on attributes at the product model level (or sub product model level).
:::

The rules execution summary is accessible via the `process tracker`.

![image](../img/Rules_ProcessTracker.png)

In this summary, you can easily access the details of the execution: how many rules were executed, how many products/product models were updated, warnings...

![image](../img/Rules_Summary.png)

:::tips

> As the rules can automatically be executed (by crons), you need to have the right to `View all jobs in process tracker` in the `Roles` permissions to be able to see them the process tracker :wink:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to access the summary of nightly scheduled rules (by cron), you need to have the right to `View all jobs in process tracker` in the `Roles` permissions to be able to see them the process tracker :wink:.
```
